Changelog_Cloud_20250128 (#4193)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log_2025.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

### 28 January 2025 - New feature - Catalog API - Deploying a Catalog item using an organization key [ID 41987]

> It is now possible to deploy a Catalog item to a cloud connected system using an organization key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use the Catalog API to deploy a Catalog item to a system connected to dataminer.services using an organization key.
```

> ### 28 January 2025 - Fix - Catalog API - Registration failed because of invalid artifact references in Catalog versions [ID 41985]

Reviewer: Do you mean "Catalog item versions", or is it indeed the version of the Catalog itself?

Author: its indeed about catalog item versions, updated the text.
